you gotta be kidding me I don't know
what's going on but but I know that it
has nothing to do with me wow um wow God
is God is amazing um I want to I do want
to thank I gotta thank all these
incredible people who have been working
with me over the last few years um it's
been just a wonderful family experience
um we've all been focused on giving God
the glory and and I'm so grateful for
them I'm grateful to my incredible
husband of 40 years
even though I'm I'm stuck with the name
Winans my last name has been love for
over 40 years and he has lived up to his
name thank you so much babe to my
wonderful children to my grandchildren I
have three with another one on the way
amazing um to all of you who have played
my songs and who have come to our
concerts um to my family the Winans all
of my brothers and sisters my mom and dad
where it all started um you know I I was
speaking the other day and it came to me
that all of us
you know I was thinking of myself at the
time that I'm known for my music all of
the world all over the world people know
me for my music right but but God only
knows me for my relationship with him he
only knows us according to the way we
know him and so all of us here tonight as
all of the artists the artists that I was
in the categories with I mean I just came
to cheer them on tonight I didn't think
this was going to happen um but but God
is faithful all my life he's been
faithful all my life he's been good with
every breath that I'm able I will sing of
the goodness of God thank you so much I
love you